Silence sphinx warnings (#4286)
pydata/xarray: doc/terminology.rst

        <examples/multidimensional-coords>`. However, non-dimension coordinates
        are not indexed, and any operation on non-dimension coordinates that
        leverages indexing will fail. Printing ``arr.coords`` will print all of
        ``arr``'s coordinate names, with the corresponding dimension(s) in
        parentheses. For example, ``coord_name (dim_name) 1 2 3 ...``.

    Index
        An *index* is a data structure optimized for efficient selecting and
        slicing of an associated array. Xarray creates indexes for dimension
        coordinates so that operations along dimensions are fast, while
        non-dimension coordinates are not indexed. Under the hood, indexes are
        implemented as :py:class:`pandas.Index` objects. The index associated
        with dimension name ``x`` can be retrieved by ``arr.indexes[x]``. By
        construction, ``len(arr.dims) == len(arr.indexes)``

    name
        The names of dimensions, coordinates, DataArray objects and data
        variables can be anything as long as they are :term:`hashable`. However,
        it is preferred to use :py:class:`str` typed names.

    scalar

>         By definition, a scalar is not :term:`array_like`. That means that,

Reviewer: Should "array like" also be defined somewhere in order for a link to work? Or does this just add some sort of formatting?

My definition of a "scalar" might be anything that isn't an array and that when converted into a NumPy array would have 0 dimensions.

NumPy defines "array like" as anything that can be converted into an array. So that definition includes scalar values.

Author: right now we're linking to numpy's definition of the term (thanks to `intersphinx`), so defining it on our own might not be necessary.

I updated the definition, is it better now?

        e.g., :py:class:`int`, :py:class:`float`, and :py:class:`str` values are

>         "scalar" while :py:class:`list` or :py:class:`tuple` are not.

Author: these definitely need a review, I'm not quite sure these are easy to understand

Terminology
===========

> *Xarray terminology differs slightly from CF, mathematical conventions, and
> pandas; and therefore using xarray, understanding the documentation, and
> parsing error messages is easier once key terminology is defined. This glossary
> was designed so that more fundamental concepts come first. Thus for new users,
> this page is best read top-to-bottom. Throughout the glossary,* ``arr`` *will
> refer to an xarray* :py:class:`DataArray` *in any small examples. For more
> complete examples, please consult the relevant documentation.*

Reviewer 2: Trying to make this a bit snappier:

```suggestion
*Xarray terminology differs slightly from CF, mathematical conventions, and
pandas; so we've put together a glossary of its terms. Here,* ``arr`` *
refers to an xarray* :py:class:`DataArray` *in the examples. For more
complete examples, please consult the relevant documentation.*
```

Reviewer 3: I like this.

        array. The main functional difference between variables and numpy arrays
        is that numerical operations on variables implement array broadcasting
        by dimension name. Each ``DataArray`` has an underlying variable that
        can be accessed via ``arr.variable``. However, a variable is not fully
        described outside of either a ``Dataset`` or a ``DataArray``.

        .. note::

            The :py:class:`Variable` class is low-level interface and can
            typically be ignored. However, the word "variable" appears often
            enough in the code and documentation that is useful to understand.

    Dimension
        In mathematics, the *dimension* of data is loosely the number of degrees
        of freedom for it. A *dimension axis* is a set of all points in which
        all but one of these degrees of freedom is fixed. We can think of each
        dimension axis as having a name, for example the "x dimension".  In
        xarray, a ``DataArray`` object's *dimensions* are its named dimension
        axes, and the name of the ``i``-th dimension is ``arr.dims[i]``. If an

>         array is created without dimensions, the default dimension names are

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        array is created without dimension names, the default dimension names are
```

        and longitude) differ from their logical coordinates
        <examples/multidimensional-coords>`. However, non-dimension coordinates
        are not indexed, and any operation on non-dimension coordinates that
        leverages indexing will fail. Printing ``arr.coords`` will print all of
        ``arr``'s coordinate names, with the corresponding dimension(s) in
        parentheses. For example, ``coord_name (dim_name) 1 2 3 ...``.

    Index
        An *index* is a data structure optimized for efficient selecting and
        slicing of an associated array. Xarray creates indexes for dimension
        coordinates so that operations along dimensions are fast, while
        non-dimension coordinates are not indexed. Under the hood, indexes are
        implemented as :py:class:`pandas.Index` objects. The index associated
        with dimension name ``x`` can be retrieved by ``arr.indexes[x]``. By
        construction, ``len(arr.dims) == len(arr.indexes)``

    name
        The names of dimensions, coordinates, DataArray objects and data
        variables can be anything as long as they are :term:`hashable`. However,
        it is preferred to use :py:class:`str` typed names.

>     scalar

Reviewer 3: LGTM.
